IIS Rewrite Maps and Redirecting On Url Paths (#374)
ritterim/ritterim.github.io: _posts/2019-07-26-iis-rewrite-maps-and-redirecting-on-url-paths.md

---
layout: post
title: "IIS Rewrite Maps and Redirecting On Url Paths"
date: 2019-07-26 11:45:20
tags:
  - IIS
  - Azure
  - SEO
categories:
  - IIS
  - Azure
  - SEO

> twitter_text:

Reviewer: Want to add something here?

authors:
  - Khalid Abuhakmeh
  - Kevin Hougasian
  - Bill Boga
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1452567489037-30d54d84ad60?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2581&q=80
image_url: https://unsplash.com/photos/PQvRco_SnpI
image_credit: darylgio agoncillo
---

URLs are the bridges that connect our little island of a website to the bigger continent known as the Internet. Preserving URL integrity is the utmost importance for providing an excellent experience for new and existing users alike. Sadly, from a development and management standpoint, keeping old paths working for a new site can be a real pain in the butt. In this post, we'll show you how to use redirect maps to create a lookup dictionary for old URL paths. This post will also help you preserve query string parameters.

## Configuration

We started by exploring the [Microsoft documentation site](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/using-rewrite-maps-in-url-rewrite-module) around rewrite maps. For rewrite maps, you will need to make sure you are running your site on Internet Information Services with the rewrite module.

> What you will in your web.config is a `rewriteMaps` section with all off your old URL paths and their new desitations.

Author: ```suggestion
What you will in your web.config is a `rewriteMaps` section with all of your old URL paths and their new destinations.
```

> What you will in your web.config is a `rewriteMaps` section with all off your old URL paths and their new desitations.

Reviewer: Could you clarify *exactly* how to add these code sections in configuration? Basically, include `system.webServer`, `rules`, etc.

```xml
<rewrite>
    <rewriteMaps>
        <rewriteMap name="StaticRewrites" defaultValue="">
            <add key="/one" value="/new-one" />
            <add key="/two" value="/new-two" />
        </rewriteMap>
    </rewriteMaps>
</rewrite>
```

> This rewrite map then needs a subsequent rule to match the url path.

Author: ```suggestion
This rewrite map then needs a subsequent rule to match the URL path.
```
